## Vim Nodelint

A vim compiler plugin to run [nodelint](https://github.com/tav/nodelint).

### Installation 

1. Install nodejs
2. Install npm
3. Install nodelint:

    sudo npm install -g nodelint@0.6.0

4. Put the nodelint.vim plugin from the compiler folder into your .vim/compiler folder (create it if it does not exist)
5. Add the following to .vim/after/ftplugin/javascript:

    compiler nodelint

After you open a .js file, and save it, it will run nodelint on the file and report errors in the location window.
It will jump to the location of the first error.

_NB_: The environment variable `$NODE_PATH` must be set to the location(s) of your node modules. NPM does this automatically on the Mac,
but does not do it on Linux, apparently. You can discover this by a command like 'locate nodelint'.
It will be something like '/usr/local/lib/node_modules'. Set this in your .bashrc like so:

  export NODE_PATH=/usr/local/lib/node_nodules

### Options

#### Config File

The plugin will search for a file called 'nodelint-config.js' in the directories above the current
file, and use the first one it finds.

Otherwise it will use the default config file for nodelint -- see the nodelint-config.js included as
an example. (The given example is configured for use in a browser environment, not Node.js, which is
the default).

If you set the g:NodelintConfig option, it will override any others and apply globally.
eg.

    let g:NodelintConfig = $HOME . '/nodelint-config.js'

If you wish to not have the plugin auto-jump to errors, or open the window, set the following in
your .vimrc:

    let g:NodelintPassive = 1

Then you can open the location window with :lope (and close with :lcl)
